Make the scope of in place import more explicit (#1986)
openmicroscopy/ome-documentation: omero/sysadmins/in-place-import.rst

===============

In-place import allows files which are already present on the server machine

> to be imported into OMERO without the need to copy them into OMERO's ManagedRepository. This requires

Reviewer: Confusing given `--transfer=cp`. Perhaps,

> ... without the need to upload them over an OMERO session.

Author: Suggestion?

Reviewer: Sure, is just a suggestion.

Author: Sorry, I meant, what change would you suggest?

Reviewer: Oh, @jburel explains, sorry - I didn't yet make time to experiment with them, e.g., no idea yet how useful it is to just give a *fragment* of the line or what. Planning to get around to trying. (As usual, official docs are just a bit too vague.)

Reviewer: My suggestion's after my "perhaps"? We might be talking completely at cross-purposes, can chat if that'd help?

Author: `transfer=cp` is nearly a contradiction in terms, and not mentioned on this page. If you have a phrasing that you think is still generally understandable without making the `cp` case _more_ confusing, I'm all ears.

each OMERO user can be given an OS account with access rights to the data
storage as well as the managed repository.

Also, there is still some data duplication when
:model_doc:`pyramids <omero-pyramid/>` are generated. We are

> hoping to find a work-around for this in the future.

Reviewer: workaround

Author: @mtbc: wanna try a commit suggestion?

> hoping to find a work-around for this in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
hoping to find a workaround for this in the future.
```
